    -v, --verbose
	    Make curl output verbose  information during the operation.  Useful
	    for debugging and seeing  what's going on  under the hood.  Verbose
	    output lines are prefixed with letters:

	    >

		header sent by curl

	    <

		header received by curl

	    }

		data sent by curl

	    {

		data received by curl

	    *

		additional info provided by  curl. Text that adds  explanations
		what goes on and about choices curl does.

	    If you  only want  HTTP headers  in the  output, --show-headers  or
	    --dump-header might be more suitable options.

	    Since curl 8.10, mentioning this  option several times in the  same
	    argument increases  the level  of the  trace output.  As before,  a
	    single --verbose or --no-verbose reverts any additions by  previous
	    "-vv" again. This  means that "-vv  -v" is  equivalent to a  single
	    -v. This avoids unwanted verbosity when the option is mentioned  in
	    the command line and curl config files.

	    Using  it  twice,  e.g.  "-vv",  outputs  time  (--trace-time)  and
	    transfer ids (--trace-ids),  as well  as enabling  tracing for  all
	    protocols (--trace-config protocol).

	    Adding a third verbose  outputs transfer content (--trace-ascii  %)
	    and   enables   tracing   of   more   components    (--trace-config
	    read,write,ssl).

	    A  fourth   time   adds   tracing  of   all   network   components.
	    (--trace-config network).

	    Any addition of the verbose option after that has no effect.

	    If you  think this  option does  not give  you  the right  details,
	    consider using --trace  or --trace-ascii  instead. Or  use it  only
	    once and use  --trace-config to trace  the specific components  you
	    wish to see.

	    Note that verbose  output of  curl activities  and network  traffic
	    might contain sensitive data,  including usernames, credentials  or
	    secret data content.  Be aware  and be careful  when sharing  trace
	    logs with others.

	    When the  output  contains  protocol  headers,  those  lines  might
	    include  carriage  return  (ASCII  code  13)  characters,  even  on
	    platforms that  otherwise normally  only  use linefeed  to  signify
	    line separations - as curl  shows the exact contents arriving  from
	    the server.

	    This option is global  and does not need  to be specified for  each
	    use of  --next. Providing  --verbose multiple  times has  no  extra
	    effect. Disable it again with --no-verbose.

	    Example:
	     curl --verbose https://example.com

	    This option is mutually  exclusive with --trace and  --trace-ascii.
	    See also --show-headers, --silent, --trace and --trace-ascii.

